[yugabyted] Added flags to toggle Authentication mode (#5896)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/reference/configuration/yugabyted.md

Enable or disable the webserver UI. Default is `false`.

##### --ysql_enable_auth *bool*

Enable or disable YSQL Authentication. Default is `false`.
If the `YSQL_PASSWORD` environment variable exists then, authentication mode is automatically changed to enforced.

##### --use_cassandra_authentication *bool*

Enable or disable YCQL Authentication. Default is `false`.
If the `YCQL_USER` or `YCQL_PASSWORD` environment variables exist then, authentication mode is automatically changed to enforced.

**Note**

> - Environment variables have more priority than the command-line flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The corresponding environment variables have higher priority than the command-line flags.
```

**Note**
- In the case of multi-node deployment, all nodes should have similar environment variables. 

> - Environment variables can change the configuration only on the first run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changing the values of the environment variables after the first run has no effect.
```
